hannover text age that knows this
you already that's the htc whenever
one more of the best
android smartphones are currently on it
There are currently silver in the market
as well as here and in black and that
will soon come out in red
It will be exactly in two in the near future
weeks on 21 July
and at the moment when you have the
Price comparison services impression that is
a bit more expensive than the two
other models is certainly
also because it simply is not
is available
that's it it looks like if I did
anyone would have said that before
htc when comes in red, I would have said
oh my god she shit out now
I have his hand and honestly
It does not look so bad
is aluminum red anodized speak it
it shines and it just got in the mirror
sunlight a pretty interesting
behavior between fades and fades
not so it just makes something up
the front we have up here and
Below is the red elements in between
it 's actually always the display
the glass pane that's why it's that
black somehow looks very interesting
out and on the back we have too
here these isolators among which the
Antennas sit with the antennae
disconnect from the rest of the housing and also
that makes for an interesting one
contrast
I have to say quite honestly in comparison
to the colorful plastic phones of others
Manufacturer
and how it has now also here earlier
That's what I could do
I do not know if I can
really run around with a red device
but that would at least have something
and it really looks live 1000 times
better than I ever thought before
has presented what remains
is the same problem what the black
had also or has
all metal devices colored colorful
painted anodized or whatever
are
because just crawls the box
even if it is here in this case
Anodized is the color can go off
So when I gets this now needs
not now if I'm somewhere
I've got it wherever it happens
a resistance hits as the
surface itself endures then is the
color reflects and behind it and
shines is silver would have been seen
Here is a tiny little katzer in it
Anodized means remains relatively
the situation is long but he can off
go and when he leaves it is
behind silver the only possibility
which I have now the sow the
only possibility I have around that
to circumvent a problem speaks for it
Mobile as long as possible
looks like i'm buying it right in
silver because if I have an edge on it
Although the surface works the same way
broken like the black or the
red model but it just does not fall
as otherwise stated
priced 570 euros who until now
Pre-ordered because it's two weeks
Outside, I think the price will be
relatively quickly again around the 20
Euro fall looks good and pleasing
I would like to know what you are
of it you hold one such
gadget would buy the htc man in red
or any other mobile phone in
bright colors until now do themselves
most manufacturers yes there
a bit difficult with this execution
to bring to the german market